Composable Dashboard + Widgets
Tue, Jun 16, 2026

0:00 - Mike Dullea
Sir, you're a little bit foggy there. You got a bad connection.

0:04 - Thomas Gonzalez
Oh, really? Let me check. Let me check.

0:14 - Mike Dullea
Yeah, it's all blurry. You're not on the sidebar, but you are when you're sharing. You're clear on the sidebar. Is he foggy to you?

0:31 - Julian Johnston
Or is that just yeah, your shared screen is definitely blurry?

0:40 - Thomas Gonzalez
Let me check again.

0:42 - Mike Dullea
Yeah, now you're blurry.

0:44 - Julian Johnston
Yeah, now you are blurry.

0:45 - Mike Dullea
Side screen, you're good. Log back in.

1:01 - Unidentified Speaker
Better?

1:03 - Mike Dullea
Nope, still fine. You got that bad internet there.

1:07 - Thomas Gonzalez
Let me let me that's fine.

1:10 - Mike Dullea
That works.

1:11 - Mike Dullea
That's better.

1:12 - Thomas Gonzalez
Okay, perfect. So my J this is why my proposal for the widget builder before moving forward with the dashboard builder or the canvas builder for UCP or Unify employee profile. So here we see, we can see the entire widget library, right? If I want to create a new widget, so I go here, I can search every connection that I had ready from the Data Studio. For example, let me take this from Salesforce. This is the main source. To build widget that I would love to pull this to start building the dashboards.

2:01 - Mike Dullea
Okay, you gotta be able to pull our tables in too, by the way. Okay, right, because they're gonna go like we showed this morning, they're gonna build a table and then they're gonna want to display the table.

2:15 - Thomas Gonzalez
Okay, cool. No doubt.

2:17 - Mike Dullea
That should be easy.

2:23 - Thomas Gonzalez
That's the reason for this call to improve with those insights from you. So once I select the source, I can start creating metrics or metrics based on the source. For example, the deal size, accounts by region, contacts came from the API that I selected. For example, the source that I select was Salesforce, right?

2:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

2:55 - Thomas Gonzalez
So the metrics below would be related with that API, with that source. In this case, Salesforce.

3:05 - Mike Dullea
So Salesforce would have your version of it, you'd have to already have set up accounts by region. So we're just showing you what they can show you anyway? Am I right on that? That?

3:18 - Thomas Gonzalez
You're right. All right. So I can select how I would love to show or which data I would love to show in the video.

3:32 - Julian Johnston
But but also, I mean, that's probably a good spot where I select my source, which is Salesforce. And this is where I can see all of the mapped data and all of the mapped tables. All like that would be a filterable item to say, Are you looking for individual data fields that have already been mapped? Are you looking for a table that you've created?

3:56 - Mike Dullea
And then you get to it, I get you can do all this. What I'm more interested in is our stuff. So, I want a widget to show conversations had, I want a widget to show. Human in the loops. A widget to show our internal stuff we're producing.

4:16 - Thomas Gonzalez
And that source came from the data studio.

4:23 - Mike Dullea
Well, not only the data studio, but you know, like, to see human in the loops happened on a gentic workflow.

4:32 - Julian Johnston
So here, yeah, that would be an easy, I mean, yeah.

4:36 - Thomas Gonzalez
it's easy fix that's an easy fix just select the uh if to create from studios a widget from uh the agentic studio as you mentioned Mike uh if I select here for example the agentic studio below I will I will see workflows agentics once I pick the agentic studio below as a waterfall and select which is specific I would love to put in there.

5:08 - Mike Dullea
Yeah, so to me, that's V1.

5:12 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

5:12 - Mike Dullea
V1 is going to be right? Because they already have a way they can go in the Salesforce and see all this, in the HubSpot if they have it and see all this, but we don't have a way yet to see our stuff. So I think like our V1 needs to really be focused around our capabilities, right? So it's like, I want to be able to see all the metrics that are happening within our platform because this is our reporting, right? So we're doing widget-based reporting.

5:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

5:41 - Mike Dullea
Right. And then that would come to, this is hooked up to the Agentic Studio. Just so when you're in the Agentic Studio and you're building a workflow, you can power the widget from the, because that's where you're going to power it from, right? You're This is my support agentic workflow, and then I want to visualize this. To visualize the performance of this agentic workflow. So just think about it that way. I'm going to know like how many, how many times the agentic workflow ran, how many times it was hit, how many people it talked to, how many messages it sent, how many it forwarded the human in the loops, like all of that kind of information.

6:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Perfect.

6:23 - Julian Johnston
Yeah. So let me ask this, and this isn't an either or.

6:28 - Mike Dullea
This is good to show because it's a lot of recognizable names. So I like it. But I think like V1 of it, if we're going to say what's a V1 of this, the V1 of it needs to be our stuff.

6:39 - Julian Johnston
So the question is, is what reprioritize this to the top of our list of product design?

6:48 - Mike Dullea
Yeah, we need it bad.

6:49 - Julian Johnston
No, but what initially prioritized your comment of that we need a non-automotive UCP. That was like the yeah, yeah, yeah.

6:59 - Mike Dullea
But he doesn't have that. This is just widgets so far.

7:02 - Julian Johnston
No, this is widgets that would drive the widgets that you create in the UCP as well.

7:06 - Mike Dullea
Yeah, you would just drag them onto the UCP.

7:08 - Julian Johnston
Yeah. Yeah, for sure.

7:09 - Mike Dullea
Yeah, but that would be part of it, right? Because you'd want to know, like, how many times has the agent interacted with a customer? How many times has the agent blah blah blah, like with that UCP, right? Yeah, so that so it's kind of like you know, we we just need an internal thing, you know, to do this with because I'm assuming this stuff's pretty easy, right? You're just like doing the here's my here's my hookup to Salesforce, and I know what I get, and I want to add these fields, and it's the same thing that you've already built in Salesforce, you're just this gives you the ability to recreate your dashboards in here, which is good. You don't have to look in two different spots for it. But how about stuff that we push to it? So I have Salesforce, and then I want to see what we've done with Salesforce.

8:02 - Thomas Gonzalez
I don't follow Mike.

8:04 - Julian Johnston
Yeah, I don't think that's designed yet. Like, I don't think.

8:07 - Mike Dullea
So, an Agentic workflow that's following up, and they're using Salesforce as their, like, we always did, right? We use it as our ops. So, that's where we did all of our ticketing. That's where all of our tickets went to, and blah, blah, blah. So, we have an Agentic workflow, and the Agentic workflow is pushing tickets to Salesforce.

8:26 - Thomas Gonzalez
Oh, yeah, it's not ready yet.

8:29 - Mike Dullea
Okay.

8:29 - Julian Johnston
Yeah, so we just have to go back to the drawing board as us being. One of the sources. Yeah. Right. And then start creating the library of data that we have within us being a source. So, just like you said, human in the loops, outreach attempts, pushes, like you just said. So, we've pushed this many tickets over to Salesforce. So, like, all of that data, we need to create that source and add that.

8:58 - Mike Dullea
And kind of like what Sebastian was working on today, where he's like, oh, here's a report of like that. So when I get that report built, I to build that as widgets I want to push that and have that widget on a dashboard, right? Because it's going to be our, it's not just going to be the UCP, it's dashboards too. Cause what you're showing me now is this isn't, this isn't to build a UCP. This is all what you showed me so far is to build dynamic dashboards with, right?

9:25 - Julian Johnston
Well, like, for example, HubSpot. Before your comment this morning about us maybe becoming our own CRM, this would be the place where you would go into HubSpot and say, I want to create the widgets that I use within HubSpot to create the UCP for us.

9:50 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

9:51 - Mike Dullea
Does that make sense?

9:52 - Mike Dullea
So, what would be on the UCP? Show me like a HubSpot. I want to see what would be on the UCP out of the HubSpot.

10:00 - Thomas Gonzalez
Okay, so let me finish the work here. Like, for example, let me select this MQL to SQL. Then I would like to check this as a table or carousel, maybe. Then the fresh is as a real time. Then let me go this program pipeline.

10:39 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

10:55 - Thomas Gonzalez
Then go here to the dashboards. I can start creating the dashboard. This is a test unified customer profile for the contact UCP. For every customer and the overview, right? Then I start creating the widget. So I select here the total revenue, then I can select the average deal size here. Let me check for these open tickets. Then let me put this first response time and I can publish this dashboard. So here I can start like build those UCP for my teams or specific roles in the company.

12:08 - Mike Dullea
Where's all the basic stuff on that? Like, I want to put the name, address, contact.

12:17 - Thomas Gonzalez
That's okay. Yeah. In that part, once it depends here. For example, if you select the contact UCP, by default, that UCP would have the name. The address, and all that kind of stuff. This part is still in progress to show that a specific pattern as the UCP does.

12:51 - Mike Dullea
But yeah, oh, okay, do you have categories in here?

12:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

13:00 - Thomas Gonzalez
So I should have, yeah.

13:01 - Mike Dullea
Here's my UCP category versus another category. Because these things are used everywhere.

13:08 - Thomas Gonzalez
Yeah. Yes, sir. I think that you say something like this. Sorry to show this. For example, this. It depends where I select to build that dashboard should appear the contacts record or the company record or the employee record below that I can start dragging drop or adding the widgets that I would love to show them in his UCP and then you can resize them in there yes sir yes sir for example this or just moving between the places. So I'm still working in this part.

14:02 - Mike Dullea
But by the way, I mean, that's lot. I mean, that's what you just showed, Thomas. I mean, that's in production.

14:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, this is on production, by the way. Yeah, that's our live system.

14:14 - Mike Dullea
Oh, yep.

14:17 - Thomas Gonzalez
But this one is still in progress in the recap.

14:24 - Julian Johnston
So, like, the version one of UCP, which is basically dashboards, it's just a specific type of dashboard that's live in production, was just the tooling widgets in a canvas that can be manipulated, right? So, like, none of these widgets are real, but the canvas itself and the ability to add widgets, that's all live. Now, the second round of what Thomas is showing you is. Again what you asked for and about, which is being able to create the widgets with some level of customization. And then we already have the tooling to drop it into dashboards that you want to drop them into.

15:05 - Mike Dullea
So just the straight dashboard. Yeah. So I think it's great. My only feedback, once again, is like we need to get our stuff in here. Yeah.

15:14 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

15:14 - Thomas Gonzalez
That's on these peaks. That's on the CPS. I will. Put these in this prototype ready as a aims metrics or something like that.

15:26 - Mike Dullea
Well, it just needs to be where you got these cards. Like the one fixed card that's always there needs to be AIM.

15:33 - Julian Johnston
Yep. Yeah. Yes, sir.

15:35 - Julian Johnston
Because like to answer the question about a UCP example, like, it would be a combination. Well, I it'd be a combination of multiple sources, but we would certainly be one of the main sources that would fill up a UCP. So for us internally, HubSpot, if we kept going down that path, would be what you just talked about: contact name, proposal sent, stage in the sales pipeline. Total amount of opportunities, like all of the shit that we used to track in Salesforce, pulling that in in combination with agentic attempts, human in the loops for that customer, like all of that kind of shit, too.

16:21 - Mike Dullea
Yeah, and then all that has to be available by UCP so that the agent can see it.

16:27 - Julian Johnston
Yep, yeah, yep.

16:30 - Mike Dullea
So the agent can see the background of it. So, where's the opening page of this? How does it look like, Like, I go to page one, I log in for the first time. What am I seeing?

16:50 - Thomas Gonzalez
The first line. Sorry, Mike, I don't follow.

16:53 - Mike Dullea
Like the very first page when I log in, what do I see? The home button, the home button.

16:58 - Thomas Gonzalez
The home button. Yep.

17:00 - Mike Dullea
Right there.

17:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

17:03 - Thomas Gonzalez
So no. I'm still thinking where to locate these.

17:09 - Julian Johnston
Now, Mike, are you asking about like what's the first page you see when you go into like composable dashboards?

17:17 - Mike Dullea
Yeah.

17:18 - Thomas Gonzalez
Yeah. Oh.

17:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Here.

17:22 - Thomas Gonzalez
You're in dashboards. You can see. The amount of dashboard that your team or you already created.

17:30 - Mike Dullea
So here's what I'm saying is, I think it needs that page like we saw this morning. Where it's like, welcome to the whatever dashboard or welcome to the widget builder or welcome to the blah, blah, blah. Here's what you can do.

17:46 - Thomas Gonzalez
Something like this. Like in the data studio had it.

17:50 - Mike Dullea
Yep.

17:51 - Julian Johnston
Yeah, I've logged in.

17:57 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

17:59 - Thomas Gonzalez
You did this. Excuse me.

18:03 - Julian Johnston
Maybe go back on that page right there. Oh, you're on your demo.

18:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

18:13 - Julian Johnston
So there's some data still not being stable here.

18:21 - Mike Dullea
Let's start it.

18:23 - Mike Dullea
Yeah.

18:26 - Unidentified Speaker
We both know what this is.

18:27 - Mike Dullea
But yeah. Yeah.

18:29 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

18:30 - Mike Dullea
I get it.

18:31 - Thomas Gonzalez
So you will have to put this here, okay, welcome page. Perfect. We do. And the filters like publish, draft, pending, and the other ones, the other thing that I like the most usable dashboard maybe. And this video library will feed also the reports.

18:56 - Mike Dullea
For example, are we going to do like a base UCP that just has like basic information that we know comes every time, and then say, here's a base one, and then you can change it from there?

19:09 - Julian Johnston
Yeah, so basically, the way the boulder reads. Is that there are two types of general dashboards for this, right? One is the entity dashboard, which is UCP, unified inventory platform, unified contact, unified company, unified all of that. And the only difference is between that and the other one, which is a global dashboard, which is basically like, blank slate to just put whatever you want, is exactly what you mentioned, which is a default area of basic information: contact name, contact information. Like you see in our UCP today, here's the top line of basic information about that contact. That's never going to change. That's what it is. Underneath it, you can add whatever widgets you want.

20:08 - Mike Dullea
Okay, how about like executable buttons? How do they get in?

20:14 - Thomas Gonzalez
Executable buttons.

20:17 - Mike Dullea
Like chat, like I want to talk to the agent, like to send an email, like I want to the stuff that's on the current UCP.

20:25 - Thomas Gonzalez
Yeah, for example, this is still in progress, by the way. But these are the widgets if I want to talk with this data. You can start asking.

20:37 - Mike Dullea
What I'm saying is that's going to be fixed there. It's going to say, like, this is here. Right. So if you template, that's it. Right. Like, that's always in the template. So you can't work in that space.

20:50 - Thomas Gonzalez
As a fix widgets, like lock. This is a locked chat widget or that's what you say, Mike.

21:03 - Mike Dullea
Yeah, I'm saying if you go to the current UCP and look at it, there are certain things that are in there that are like technology-based that are in there, right? That would have to stay in there. So you want to make sure that those are like a more information button or whatever buttons there are. Just executable stuff, like send an email, like you know, those kind of things.

21:33 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

21:34 - Thomas Gonzalez
Yeah. Yeah, that's noted. Yeah. That's work in progress.

21:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

21:45 - Julian Johnston
So when it comes to the UCP, there will likely be a header widget that cannot be changed, right?

21:53 - Mike Dullea
yeah, that's what I'm saying. Template and say, here's the template you can work with. These things are already here.

22:00 - Julian Johnston
Yes. Yeah. And that would work a couple of ways in what we've been discussing. There will be certain widgets, and we'll, while this loads, as you're describing, right, which are AIMS OS template, like this is the header of this. Widget type, here's where you send an email, here's the icon for that, right? Um, that doesn't change, and then we'll also give the admin the capability to lock widgets underneath it that no one like those also stay static, right? So, like, oh, Alejandro dealer lakes last iteration three days ago, contact information, sending emails, all of that stuff. That's just a default UCP view right there.

22:52 - Mike Dullea
So, like your overview activity, snapshot, those things, does that thing just stay there? And then, when you add widgets, it adds it to that?

23:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

23:02 - Mike Dullea
So, that's that, that's in place. Yes. So, here, like, we could say here the search bar is in place on the UCP. Where the name goes and the contact information and all that's be there no matter what. That bar's there, that no matter what. The blue button on the right's there, no matter what. Yep, yeah, to be able to send an email to the customer and all that stuff. Yeah, but I don't see it's not even in our UCP now. Like, if I want to send, yeah, you're right.

23:31 - Julian Johnston
We don't have that. Yeah, we need to make sure we add that. So, yeah, going to the overview. We could even say next best action is static. Like we can do that. That would be purely a setting. We can decide what to stick and what not to stick. And then everything here you see now is now completely editable by the tenant.

23:54 - Mike Dullea
Yeah, so if you go back, go up that bar up there where it's overview, activity, snapshot, garage, and all that. Is that something that they can create those and say, like, hey, you can create this and make it whatever you want? And then when you click on it, whatever's underneath it's available to you for building dashboards on.

24:13 - Julian Johnston
Do you want that?

24:14 - Mike Dullea
Well, because I'm saying go to just a not automotive company, they're not going to have garage.

24:20 - Julian Johnston
Yeah.

24:20 - Thomas Gonzalez
So, so for example, for example, this. I already think through that. So I'm in the UCP in the unified customer profile. This is for companies and account. And this will apply for every account in the process. We have as default overview, financials, activity, relationship. But if you want to create a new one, for example, cases, you can build it. That's what you said.

24:49 - Mike Dullea
There's going to be another tab on there.

24:52 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

24:53 - Mike Dullea
And then you can build what goes in it.

24:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes, sir.

24:57 - Mike Dullea
Okay, yeah. That's perfect. But we do need the concept of how to send an email, how to send a text, how to do all that out of that UCP.

25:05 - Thomas Gonzalez
Yeah, for sure. Yeah.

25:08 - Thomas Gonzalez
For example, here, these little buttons, buttons here. So, based on these specific pattern or activity, you can escalate this to your manager, or you can send feedback to the owner or the admin to build a better widget or just flag as a, okay, this is wrong or this is outdated as a way to send feedback to your admin in the platform.

25:46 - Mike Dullea
So that's got to go to the unified workspace that we have for the studios.

25:52 - Julian Johnston
Yes, sir.

25:54 - Mike Dullea
So you're saying in this, there's also be an admin, and only certain people will be able to even get into this thing, right? Yes. Okay. And we'll have as long as we have that, because we should just basically show like the templates, right? So if you go back to ours, it comes up. Just like a template, and then you got those widgets across the top on the overview activity bar. It should just like show those as open spots in there with a plus sign and say add, add, add. Make it whatever you want. We don't care what you make it. Then, underneath it, you have this dashboard. And then, here's the space available to make it.

26:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

26:37 - Mike Dullea
Yep. Yeah. That's cool, dude. So, that is dashboard, then the other one you just do is you just don't have a name on it, and you're like, This is a dashboard. Name your dashboard and drag your widgets on it.

26:51 - Julian Johnston
Exactly.

26:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

26:54 - Mike Dullea
That takes care of reporting. But we just need to make sure we get our own library. So, we just need to come up with like what is the list of widgets that we would want. I can, I can, I'll start on that because that. I've got so much information on it. I could say, give me a list of widgets. Yeah.

27:13 - Thomas Gonzalez
Oh, that would be nice.

27:14 - Mike Dullea
That we would want, you know, from activity within the AIMS platform. And it like, here's a bunch of the widgets you would, you know, the kinds of widgets that you would want.

27:24 - Julian Johnston
Using the AIMS OS data set.

27:27 - Mike Dullea
Yeah.

27:28 - Julian Johnston
And then another one request that I would have for your mind is. So, like, we've already kind of established an agentic network related to the UCP, but I've started kind of a conversation and just kind of a discovery conversation of just like a general dashboard, like you just described. What is the agentic makeup of the agent that dashboard?

27:59 - Mike Dullea
The MBA agent, basically, right? That, yeah. The UCP agentic workflow.

28:05 - Julian Johnston
Well, but but if I built a dashboard that's just like general data about the organization, right? Like this one's like pipeline by stage. Here's my sales, you know.

28:17 - Mike Dullea
Well, that's something like in this case, if you're bringing in other companies, you're going to get it from them too, right?

28:24 - Julian Johnston
Yeah, but but once the data is there, how do we create the agentic network that's like Q, right? So with Amazon, you've got the data and the dashboards that you can create, but the thing we loved about it is that you can talk to it and it's like tuned to the data on that dashboard to have those conversations.

28:45 - Mike Dullea
Yeah, that's just an agentic workflow. Right.

28:48 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

28:50 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

28:52 - Julian Johnston
So that's one of the features that we have designed in this ticket that isn't necessarily a UI other than accessing it. Yeah. That we have some discovery we would have to do on like how do we manage that? Like, how do we create the agentic workflow that does that? Right.

29:09 - Mike Dullea
Yeah. So they basically are start out with a blank slate. But if we go in the data studio and add Salesforce, then they'll see Salesforce will pop up here.

29:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

29:21 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

29:21 - Mike Dullea
And then if they see, uh, if they see HubSpot, HubSpot will pop up here, whatever the software is. Yes. We can just make templates for those. Yeah. Based on the fields we're getting from you. Yep.

29:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

29:40 - Mike Dullea
Yeah. So we just need to get the agentics behind this when we build it. Because it would actually do a better job. Because so, going to Salesforce again. Wherever you went into at the beginning. And then you see all the metrics here. Yep. If you took all those metrics and I said, hey, I want to create like a dashboard on a client, and these are the metrics I have. It would tell me which ones to do and how to do them. You know what I'm saying?

30:13 - Thomas Gonzalez
Oh, yeah, they always are.

30:16 - Mike Dullea
Yeah, so we would have like suggested we could actually do suggested widgets. Then you just hit create. Here's some suggested widgets: create, boom.

30:28 - Thomas Gonzalez
Yeah, we can add like a previous step. That prompted your widget, and based on that, here you can show, you can see the recommendations from the agent.

30:44 - Mike Dullea
Yeah. I'm saying to create the widgets to begin with. You could say, like, here's Salesforce, and I want to put a UCP together. What widgets should I put on my UCP and say, like, these would be great ones. Create them.

30:57 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

30:58 - Mike Dullea
Okay, there they are. Are. Instead of you having to figure out, like, how you can create your own. Yep. Most people aren't that smart, but you don't have to be that smart anymore. They would just say, like, based on all the stuff we're pulling, here's some widgets you could put together. These would be good on UCP. Like, you could almost suggest the tabs, right? So when you go back and you saw where the garage was and all that. That. You could almost say, based on your integrations in Data Studio, these are the tabs I would recommend, and these are the widgets I'd recommend in those tabs.

31:39 - Thomas Gonzalez
Okay. Yeah.

31:41 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

31:42 - Mike Dullea
Because that's how I would do it. Say, like, here's everything I got. I want to create a perfect dashboard for this. What should I put on there? And it would tell me.

31:49 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

31:52 - Mike Dullea
All right. I like it. It. It looks good. Do you have it in white?

32:00 - Thomas Gonzalez
Yes, sir. Check this.

32:03 - Mike Dullea
They seem to have a hard time doing that switch.

32:07 - Thomas Gonzalez
You know.

32:09 - Julian Johnston
Who's they?

32:11 - Mike Dullea
Like Sebastian and team, when they go to the white, you can't read certain things.

32:15 - Mike Dullea
And yeah.

32:16 - Julian Johnston
Because the colors aren't switching when it goes.

32:19 - Julian Johnston
Well, I do.

32:20 - Mike Dullea
colors are the same, but they just change the background.

32:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

32:24 - Mike Dullea
So it looks good on black, but when it goes to white, it's like that looks terrible in white, man. Looks great in black, terrible and white.

32:32 - Julian Johnston
One thing I'll call out is that now with Michael, like, as he's like, because we're like everything that you're seeing is in the beta set that, you know, Sebastian calls out. Michael will eventually be the last person touching it. So, right now, he's created all of the components and design stuff for Governance Studio, and he's almost done with Agentic Studio. And he's doing dark mode and light mode for every component that he's creating.

33:01 - Mike Dullea
Yeah, because I was like, Sebastian, you can't even fucking read that now. Yeah. And Oh, yeah, I'll have to fix that. I'm like, dude, you can't even see it when you went from mode to mode. All right, cool, man. Looks good. I'll get you some stuff on us.

33:17 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

33:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Cool.

33:19 - Thomas Gonzalez
Thanks, Mike. Thanks, Thomas.

33:21 - Thomas Gonzalez
Thanks, guys.

33:24 - Julian Johnston
All right. That went well.

33:26 - Thomas Gonzalez
Well, yeah, that's the kind of feedback that I want to hear, especially in the UCP builder. Yeah, they always have good ideas. Yeah, so the things that I will add to this prototype is our aims widgets or aims data, then like the templates. So, starting for the UCP, as we already have in our place, then moving forward for companies, employees, and so on.

34:03 - Julian Johnston
So, yeah, he kind of ended up landing on what our initial, like, not design, but like requirement design was, which was the whole concept of entity versus global, right? Like, yep. You know, like, and like how you have it designed, which is okay, an entity has a contact at the top, right? And underneath that contact, there are tabs that you can then create within there. A general dashboard is exactly that. It's just a dashboard, it has a title, and maybe you can create some tabs, but if you're creating tabs, you're likely just creating another dashboard. So it's just an open canvas. So an entity has some default situations going on, like our UCP, that we can make editable if we want, but probably won't that then you can build the tabs and dashboards underneath it or widgets underneath it. But here's the, you know, the header of the UCP is exactly the header of the UCP we have in our production system right now, right? Yep. Contact info, email address, right? So, all right, cool.

35:27 - Thomas Gonzalez
that today I can finish this closing based on that feedback and show him like send the link and maybe he will send me a doc with a bunch of widgets descriptions. Yep, okay.

35:51 - Julian Johnston
And I do think we need, and I know this is an early stage prototype, but just, I do think going to what he said, that even underneath it, where he was asking, like, what's the first page when you click on this? I do think we need to kind of work on, you know, adding the stuff that he likes on there, which is like, welcome to the dashboard builder. All of that, but just enriching the experience of what is that first page, right? Like filtering through the dashboards, like what do the dashboard cards look like, What information can you see on there, right? Which I know, again, it's an early stage in the prototype process, but yeah, I think we can probably make that experience work and look a bit better.

36:42 - Thomas Gonzalez
yeah. Yeah, that's that's easy. That's not uh, that's a no-brainer, yep, yep.

36:49 - Julian Johnston
And I mean, it kind of seems like we're landing on what may be kind of a you know, as Michael's working on the design system, like you know, if that's the type of intro scenario that Mike likes, like, and it does look good, like the data studio, yeah, right, like, we should just emulate that over and over and over again. Like, welcome to the governance studio. This is this. And here's the front page with the overview and information that you need before you even start building anything. Here's the stuff you've already built. Like, here's how, you know, so just thinking through that experience. So, yeah. Bye, brother. Good work, man. That's good shit. Send me over. I don't know if I'll get it, but if you, if you would, send me over that transcript when you get it.

37:33 - Unidentified Speaker
it.

37:34 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

37:35 - Thomas Gonzalez
Right now. Once once finished, I share with you.